Android improvements needed for building NumPy and related packages (#2695)
pypa/cibuildwheel: docs/options.md

    ```

### `xbuild-files` {: #xbuild-files env-var toml}
> Platform-specific files in the build environment

> When cross-compiling a package, any dependencies in its [`build-system.requires`](https://packaging.python.org/en/latest/guides/writing-pyproject-toml/) are installed for the build platform. However, some dependencies contain platform-specific files such as headers and static libraries, which must correspond to the target platform.

Reviewer: so far, this option is only supported on Android.

```suggestion
When cross-compiling a package for Android, any dependencies in its [`build-system.requires`](https://packaging.python.org/en/latest/guides/writing-pyproject-toml/) are installed for the build platform. However, some dependencies contain platform-specific files such as headers and static libraries, which must correspond to the target platform.
```

- `{wheel}` for the absolute path to the built wheel
- `{dest_dir}` for the absolute path of the directory where to create the repaired wheel
- `{delocate_archs}` (macOS only) comma-separated list of architectures in the wheel.

> - `{ldpaths}` (Android only) colon-separated list of directories to search for external libraries. cibuildwheel will set this to include any necessary locations in the NDK. To add your own locations, use the `LD_LIBRARY_PATH` environment variable.

Reviewer: v. minor phrasing point- it strikes me that this looks like a line of docs for the auditwheel `--ldpaths` option, not the `{ldpaths}` placeholder.

```suggestion
- `{ldpaths}` (Android only) colon-separated list of directories to search for external libraries, set by cibuildwheel to include any necessary locations in the NDK. You can add more directories by appending your own directories with a colon separator after the placeholder, or by setting the `LD_LIBRARY_PATH` environment variable.
```
